[Merged by Bors] - add UnsafeWorldCell and UnsafeEntityCell section to 0.10 blog post (#555)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

[`Query::par_iter`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/ecs/system/struct.Query.html#method.par_iter

> 
> ## `UnsafeWorldCell` and `UnsafeEntityCell`

Author: ```suggestion
## `UnsafeWorldCell` and `UnsafeEntityCell`
```

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @jakobhellermann, @BoxyUwU and @JoJoJet</div>

> `UnsafeWorldCell` and `UnsafeEntityCell` allow shared mutable access to parts of the world via unsafe code. It serves a similar purpose as `UnsafeCell`, allowing people to build interior mutability abstractions such as `Cell` `Mutex` `Channel` etc. In bevy `UnsafeWorldCell` will be used to support the scheduler and system param implementations as these are interior mutability abstractions for `World`, it also currently is used to implement `WorldCell`. It's also likely that `UnsafeEntityCell` will be used to implement versions of `EntityRef`/`EntityMut` that only have access to the components on the entity rather than the entire world.

Reviewer: "It's also likely that" -> "We're planning to use"

> `UnsafeWorldCell` and `UnsafeEntityCell` allow shared mutable access to parts of the world via unsafe code. It serves a similar purpose as `UnsafeCell`, allowing people to build interior mutability abstractions such as `Cell` `Mutex` `Channel` etc. In bevy `UnsafeWorldCell` will be used to support the scheduler and system param implementations as these are interior mutability abstractions for `World`, it also currently is used to implement `WorldCell`. It's also likely that `UnsafeEntityCell` will be used to implement versions of `EntityRef`/`EntityMut` that only have access to the components on the entity rather than the entire world.

Author: ```suggestion
`UnsafeWorldCell` and `UnsafeEntityCell` allow shared mutable access to parts of the world via unsafe code. It serves a similar purpose as `UnsafeCell`, allowing people to build interior mutability abstractions such as `Cell` `Mutex` `Channel` etc. In bevy `UnsafeWorldCell` will be used to support the scheduler and system param implementations as these are interior mutability abstractions for `World`, it also currently is used to implement `WorldCell`. We're planning to use `UnsafeEntityCell` to implement versions of `EntityRef`/`EntityMut` that only have access to the components on the entity rather than the entire world.
```
